Updating Azure's workshop (#3405)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/resources/azure-github-workshop/index.md

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments"
title_tag: "Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments"

> meta_desc: "In this workshop, we’ll explore the new Azure Native v2 provider and how Pulumi Deployments make it easier to validate both infrastructure and app code before release."

Author: > Hey Sara, It looks like it is failing because the meta description is too long. I think it needs to be less than 160 characters.

Thanks! How can you tell that was it? I seen code 2 before and it was a space at the end of a line.

> meta_desc: "In this workshop, we’ll explore the new Azure Native v2 provider and how Pulumi Deployments make it easier to validate both infrastructure and app code before release."

Reviewer: you can pretty much ignore the error code since it usually says code 2 no matter the error. A few lines up it has the message here :slightly_smiling_face: : https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/actions/runs/6314148641/job/17143767381#step:7:53

> meta_image: "/images/resources/azure-iac-review-stacks.png"
> 

Author: ```suggestion
meta_image: "/images/resources/azure-deployments2.png"

```

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments"
title_tag: "Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments"

> meta_desc: "In this workshop, we’ll explore the new Azure Native v2 provider and how Pulumi Deployments make it easier to validate both infrastructure and app code before release."

Author: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Explore the new Azure Native v2 provider and learn how Pulumi Deployments make it easier to validate both infrastructure and app code before release."
```

# data for Google Events
event_data:
  name: Pulumi - Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments
  start_date: 2023-10-25T09:00:00.000-07:00

>   end_date: 2023-10-25T010:00:00.000-07:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  end_date: 2023-10-25T10:00:00.000-07:00
```

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Getting Started with Azure IaC and Pulumi Deployments"
    # URL for embedding a URL for ungated webinars.
    youtube_url:
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.

>     sortable_date: 2023-09-25T09:00:00.000-07:00

Author: ```suggestion
    sortable_date: 2023-10-25T09:00:00.000-07:00
```
